docs: clarify interaction of query filter predicates with other criteria (#4532)
TanStack/query: docs/guides/filters.md

  - When set to `paused` it will match queries that wanted to fetch, but have been `paused`.
  - When set to `idle` it will match queries that are not fetching.
- `predicate?: (query: Query) => boolean`

>   - This predicate function will be used a final filter on all matched queries. If no other criteria are specified, this function will be evaluated on every query in the cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This predicate function will be used as a final filter on all matching queries. If no other filters are specified, this function will be evaluated against every query in the cache.
```

A mutation filter object supports the following properties:

- `mutationKey?: MutationKey`
  - Set this property to define a mutation key to match on.
- `exact?: boolean`
  - If you don't want to search mutations inclusively by mutation key, you can pass the `exact: true` option to return only the mutation with the exact mutation key you have passed.
- `fetching?: boolean`
  - When set to `true` it will match mutations that are currently fetching.
  - When set to `false` it will match mutations that are not fetching.
- `predicate?: (mutation: Mutation) => boolean`

>   - This predicate function will be used a final filter on all matched queries. If no other criteria are specified, this function will be evaluated on every mutation in the cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This predicate function will be used as a final filter on all matching mutations. If no other filters are specified, this function will be evaluated against every mutation in the cache.
```
